Hello and welcome to my course on C++ Multithreading.
So why would you want to learn multithreading?
The first reason is that Multithreading will allow you to take full advantage of the power of modern
hardware, the way that chips are designed.
They've given up trying to make one processor that can do one thing as fast as possible.
And instead they're making lots of processors which can do lots of things as fast as possible, and to
write  code which can take advantages that you need to learn
multi threading. Multithreading also makes programs more responsive.
If your program has to stop and do something that can take a long time, your users don't just have
to sit there and get bored, they can do something else.
The third reason is that everything is becoming multithreaded. Databases, Microsoft Office, games, everywhere
you look, there's threads.
So in today's world, multithreading is a valuable skill.
If you can understand and work with multithreaded code, then you will definitely have an advantage.
So what can you expect from this course?
We start off by introducing concurrency, why it's important.
Then we learn how to launch a thread. We look at these C++ thread class, we learn how to start multiple
threads.
And also at the problems that can occur when you have multiple threads.
In the next section, we'll look at some techniques for working with shared data in multiple threads.
in Section five, we learn some techniques for how to get threats to coordinate and synchronize with
each other.
Section six is atomic types and look free programming.
In Section seven, we go on to asynchronous programming.
In Section eight, we have an introduction to parallel programming, including the new parallel versions
of algorithms, which are in C++ 17.
And to finish off with, we do some practical work.
We implement some data structures which you can use in your concurrent programs.
Each video will have some PowerPoint slides like this one to explain the main points of each feature,
and then there will be a demonstration in a compiler of some code which shows how these features work.
There will be a set of exercises with each video so you can test your understanding and also solutions
so you can check whether you got the answer right.
And the source code for each video will also be available as well.
So that's it.
I hope to see you on the course and I hope you'll enjoy it. As I say, at the end of every video,
keep coding!